[Music]
hey guys in today's movie recap we're
going to find out what happens when you
access
100 of your brain enjoy
[Music]
the film begins with our protagonist
lucy being pressured into doing a little
favor for her new boyfriend
richard they've been dating for just a
week but already have a lovely
relationship basically he needs her to
hand a briefcase over to his boss
now we don't know what's in the
briefcase but we do know that richard
isn't on the best of terms with his boss
mr jang hence why he needs lucy to take
care of this for him
she'd love to but she's super hungover
and has exams coming up
richard insists repeatedly but lucy
declines without fail
they go back and forth a bit before
richard seals her fate
handcuffing her to the briefcase now she
has no choice
lucy enters the hotel and nervously asks
to speak with mr jang
tensions rise and the boss man and his
crew pull up she looks towards richard
for comfort but he is shot and killed
the boss tips the hotel staff some cash
and they turn a blind eye
lucy is taken up and escorted past a few
dead bodies causing her to puke
she tries to speak to the chinese men to
no avail they don't speak english
fortunately though mr jang calls a
translator they give her the code for
the briefcase and instruct her to open
it while jang and his henchmen take
cover
fortunately it's not a bomb instead it's
filled with plastic bags containing a
blue powder
excellent now to make sure this is the
real deal yep that's the real deal
your services are no longer required mr
zhang offers a spook lucia job
she declines and receives a counteroffer
we cut to a lecture about brain capacity
and come to learn that all organisms
only utilize a tiny percentage of their
total neural capacity
humans for example only have access to
roughly 15
while dolphins with their ability to
echolocate can tap into 20
professor norman's hypothesis states
that past 20
the doors really start to open up you
gain full control of your body and it
sells
past 30 you're able to control others
and even past that
you begin to take control of matter
itself though not even his creative mind
can picture what happens at one hundred
percent
let's find out lucy awakens with pain in
her stomach and is escorted to a room
where she meets with other victims
a dapper english man explains that they
hid a bag of drugs known as cph4
inside them and arrange for them to take
flights upon arrival the drugs will be
surgically retrieved and everyone can go
back to living their normal life
in the meanwhile lucy is detained by
some goons one of them tries to
inspect the goods but lucy's got bite
the goon doesn't take kindly to
rejection and beat her
kicking her right where the bag was
implanted she lays paralyzed and pained
as we witness the back tear open
leaking its contents into her body a
transformation begins as the substance
wreaks havoc inside her
her eyes turn blue she begins to seize
and wow
okay i guess gravity's out the window
alrighty then
lucy awakens a new woman she's calm cool
and collected
another goon enters the room and lucy
flashes a smirk and a cheeky leg spread
inviting him closer she's got a little
more in store than he's ready for
what a badass donning her new powers she
aimbots the other henchmen and then
shoots an innocent taxi driver
for not speaking english fortunately the
other one does and she calmly asks him
to take her to the hospital
lucy now able to read chinese makes her
way to an operating room
she examines the charts of the man on
the operating table before shooting him
and clearing the space for herself
she informs the doctors that his tumor
had already spread and that they
wouldn't have been able to save him
lucy informs them of the leaky bag of
drugs inside her and they proceed to
remove it
during the operation she borrows the
doctor's phone and calls her mother
she tells her she loves her and she
shares that she can recall all the
thousands of kisses she's received over
her lifetime
the doctor successfully removes the bag
and lucy heads back to the taxi
she's driven back to the hotel the heart
of this drug operation she storms in and
calmly dispatches the henchmen
damn she even has wall hack she stabs mr
jang in both his hands
and scans through his brain in order to
find where the other victims are headed
some time later lucy stops by her
friend's house she borrows her computer
and proceeds to search away at light
speed while they make small talk
lucy finds out about professor norman
and his research and decides to give him
a call
she gives him the lowdown on her
condition and confirms that all his
theories were in fact correct
she hacks into his tv and phone with her
powers to prove it with all this new
knowledge
and no idea what to do with it she seeks
his guidance he suggests that like all
living cells
she should pass down the knowledge to
the next generation she agrees and
states that she'll be at his door
in paris in 12 hours on the way to her
flight to paris
lucy switches up her hair as new
stations broadcast the scenes of her
crimes
using her powers she gets in touch with
a local police captain pierre
and warns him about the drug trafficking
she sends him the itineraries of the men
carrying around their drugs inside of
them
she entrusts him to capture the men and
achieve the cph4
for her he coordinates with the airport
security for all the destinations the
men will be arriving
they are promptly collected except for
one who damn near runs away
but they get him meanwhile lucy's on a
flight to paris to first meet with her
new detective friend
to obtain the goods and then meet with
professor norman
she's a super hacker now just hacking
away for no reason on two computers
at the same time very cool she gets some
champagne
and toast to knowledge but something is
wrong her teeth are falling out
she looks on in horror as the cells in
her body begin to tear off and float
away
she gets up and stumbles off to the
bathroom to the display of passengers
and crew alike
the flight is landing soon which means
she should be seated as the flight crew
clamors to get her out of the bathroom
lucy's practically melting away she
takes out the bag of cph4
and munches on it in an effort to fix
things it seems to work
but then she completely explodes
fortunately she survives this and
reassembles herself sometime
between the flight and ending up in this
bed she awakens and pierre and his
station are alerted
but lucy is already on her way out a
room full of armed men hold her at
gunpoint
she spots pierre recognizing his voice
and calmly tells him they need to talk
before putting the entire room to sleep
with the mere hand gesture
she tells him she needs the rest of the
cph4 for
medicinal purposes and anyway it's safer
in her hands
can't argue with that they get in his
car and drive to the hospital where the
apprehended men are waiting to have the
cph4 removed from their bellies
lucy hacks into the phone grid and
learns that the chinese men are headed
there too
to collect their merchandise lucy
switches over to the driver's side and
begins to speed towards oncoming traffic
jesus christ i mean i understand that
she's in a race against time here
but imagine how many people died or are
gravely injured during this
oh great the cops are on her tail now
that's all right
she'll just use her powers to manipulate
one of these things and
they're all dead beautiful back at the
hospital the chinese crew have
intercepted the men and are in the
process of retrieving their merchandise
they're getting their drugs dead or
alive the policeman that was supposed to
be watching them returns and a shootout
occurs
the last remaining victim flees but he's
gunned down by g
the top henchman him and his crew run
into lucy she traps them in the corner
with an invisible force field
then sends all their weapons flying
towards the ceiling she commands them to
fight on and they all take on their
battle stances and push forward
one by one lucy sends them all flying
towards the ceiling
trapping them in place gee gets the same
treatment as lucy retrieves the
briefcase
before heading out she gets the final
bag from the man that was shot
her collection is now complete now to
meet with professor norman
he's left his hotel and has instead met
with several high-ranking colleagues in
fields such as quantum physics and
neuroscience
of course lucy somehow already knows
this and unexpectedly meets them there
at the university
she proceeds to prove her abilities to
them by making this one guy relive the
death of his daughter
okay i guess that's one way to do it she
proceeds to tell them some scientific
mumbo jumbo about how cells communicate
a bunch
and can deconstruct and reconstruct in
any way they like
oh and also time is at the center of
everything she tells professor norman
that she's going to create a computer
and upload all her acquired knowledge
into it for the benefit of mankind
all the meanwhile jang and his small
army are about to assault the university
with all the firepower they got
lucy senses this and tells peter to hold
them back warning him that she'll need
to dedicate full focus on the task ahead
pierre and jang along with their men
face off and battle it out while lucy
gets hooked up with ivs full of cph4
she sucks it all up and then a black
fluid-like structure emerges from her
body
and begins to consume all the
electronics around the room the room
goes completely white and the fluid-like
mass begins to form what appears to be a
next generation computer
jang and his top henchman g prepare to
make their final push
they go out guns blazing and grabs a
freaking bazooka
slides across the floor and launches it
towards lucy's room
as it explodes lucy travels through
space and time she's in new york
sitting and watching as she scrolls
through time like it's a video she sees
old time in new york
indians dinosaurs and even the first
woman
guess what her name is that's right lucy
they touch fingers
then lucy begins to unlock more and more
of her brain we're treated to a
delightful and abstract displays of the
universe and all its secrets unfolding
jang encroaches from behind as lucy
nears the completion of her full
awakening
as he pulls the trigger and unloads
she's gone with anger and confusion
he turns his sights on the scientists
but pierre saves them gunning jang down
the alien-like computer begins to move
and pops out a simple usb
drive professor norman pulls it out and
the computer disintegrates
pierre asks where lucy went and she
responds
yep she's basically god now